---
title: Elly Chao's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: MovieMate

MovieMate is a desktop movie application used saving your own watched list and to-watch list. 
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it is written in Java.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

In version 1:
* **Basic Feature**: Add watched or to-watch movie to the corresponding movie list.
  * What it does: Allow the user to add movies into the watched list or to-watch list.
* **Basic Feature**: List watched or to-watch movie to the corresponding movie list.
  * What it does: List all the user's movies in the movie list specified.
  
* **Other Contribution**: Set up basic classes for further work on the project.

* **Other Contribution**: Write Javadoc for method written by me for my group mates to understand my code.


In version 2 - version 2.1:
* **New Feature**: Added the ability to generate random movies according to the genre entered by the user.
    * What it does: Get the genre entered by the user and display some random movies that fall in the genre to the user. 
    * Justification: This feature improves the user experience when the user does not know which movie to watch. 
    * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in the future. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.

* **New Feature**: View detail of a movie.
    * What it does: Allow the user to view detail by entering a movie name, or index in the user's movie lists.
    * Justification: This feature improves the user experience when the user would like to view the detail of a movie for further action.
    * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in the future. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.

* **Other Contribution**: Build the jar file used for PE dry run, as the previous jar file was not working. 

* **Code contributed**: [here](https://nus-cs2113-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=chao2048&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:
    * Actively reply in group meetings.
    * Make sure everything finish before the deadline and help with the project timely.
    * Help build jar file for the release.

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the features `seedetail` and `random` feature.
        * Final check and update the user guide.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added user stories and non functional requirements.
        * Added implementation details of the `seedetail` feature and `movieList` feature.

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#45](), [\#58]()
    * Help my group mates when they asked questions in the group chat.
    * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class during PE Dry Run.
